New `OrbitalRotation` decomposition (#3171)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements</h3>

> * `OrbitalRotation` is now decomposed into two `SingleExcitation` operators for faster execution and a more efficient parameter-shift gradient calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OrbitalRotation` is now decomposed into two `SingleExcitation` operations for faster execution and more efficient parameter-shift gradient calculations on devices that natively support `SingleExcitation`.
```

Author: Nice!
